---
layout: default
title: About me
---

In July 2024, I started as an assistant professor at Radboud University in
Nijmegen, in the [Software Science Group]. Before that, I was a postdoc at
Reykjavik University, working with Antonis Achilleos and Luca Aceto. I completed
my PhD at Radboud University under the supervision of Jurriaan Rot and Alexandra
Silva. I defended my [PhD thesis] titled _Extensions of (Concurrent) Kleene
Algebra_ in October 2022.

[PhD thesis]: https://ipa.win.tue.nl/?event=extensions-of-concurrent-kleene-algebra

You can write me at firstname _DOT_ lastname _AT_ ru _DOT_ nl.

## Research

My research interests focus on formal methods in the area of program analysis.
Analysing how algorithms behave is a problem in our society, with many
fundamental processes relying on software. Approaching this problem using formal
frameworks based on logics and algebras brings guarantees concerning what we
know about the objects we study, and what we can theoretically know. For
instance, such formal frameworks often come with proofs of their own correctness
(when the framework says the program behaves badly or correctly, we have a proof
that we can trust this statement), guarantees concerning decidability, or
guarantees that a program does or does not display certain behaviour.
Mathematical guarantees on solutions to problems concerning automated reasoning
are an attractive feature to me. My research focuses on the modular development
of specification languages (that can be used for reasoning about programs) from
an algebraic perspective. In addition, I research the mathematical foundations
of those algebraic perspectives. Concretely, I worked on Kleene algebra and
related topics during my PhD, and during my postdoc I have focused on the
logical principles of monitorability, which is a fundamental area of study
within runtime verification.

[Software Science Group]: https://sws.cs.ru.nl/
